hi I'm Adina das I'm here at salon
Republic studio 16 and today I'm going
to be showing you a two-in-one ponytail
hairstyle what you want to do is you
want to part the hair and where you want
it to go get the hair moving in the
direction and you want it to go so get
that front nice and smooth or with that
curl in there start from the highest
point of the head create a center back
section
a vertical Center back section and it
doesn't have to be clean because it's
all going to be integrated creating that
center section taking the hair on the
left-hand side and then you'll take that
small elastic wrap it one or two times
around depending on how much tension you
need here I'm going to go ahead and do
three smooth this hair back and also
ponytail the right-hand side using the
clear elastic pulling it towards the
back and wrapping it two to three times
around so you have your two ponytails
you have your two ponytails right here
now because of all of the texture and
all of her layering that happens which
is great because it looks good when it's
down if I want to start to tame and
control some of that what we'll do is
I'm going to just kind of cut it in half
and I'm going to wrap twice around grab
another piece and at this point you're
determining how many rubber bands you
want to see how many points of interest
the end results of this you're going to
get a really elegant end result with
just a little bit of flair a little bit
of something fun to work with then you
can bring these back together if you'd
like rubber band it around we're going
to move over to the next section note
the next side we're working through the
left side and then what you do with the
end result is you take them you
crisscross them then what you'll do is
you'll take a large bobby pin and you'll
secure everything against the head
grabbing a piece of the ponytails
tucking it around and placing it in
- and close to the head let go a little
bit see where things sit grab a piece of
the ponytail and then took it through a
Medina dose and this is your two-in-one
ponytail hairstyle